Better Transformer integration (#423)
huggingface/optimum: docs/source/bettertransformer/tutorials/content.mdx

<!--Copyright 2022 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->
# How to use `optimum` and `BetterTransformer`?

## Install dependencies

> You can easily une the `BetterTransformer` API using HuggingFace `optimum`, first install the dependencies as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can easily use the `BetterTransformer` integration with 🤗 Optimum, first install the dependencies as follows:
```

```bash
pip install transformers accelerate optimum
```

Also, make sure to install the latest version of PyTorch by following the guidelines on the [PyTorch official website](https://pytorch.org/get-started/locally/). Note that `BetterTransformer` API is only compatible with `torch>=1.13`, so make sure to have this version installed on your environement before starting.

> ## Step 1: Load yout HuggingFace model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 1: Load your model
```

> First, load your HuggingFace model using `transformers`. Make sure to download one of the models that is supported by the `BetterTransformer` API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, load your Hugging Face model using 🤗 Transformers. Make sure to download one of the models that is supported by the `BetterTransformer` API:
```

```python
>>> from transformers import AutoModel

>>> model_id = "roberta-base"
>>> model = AutoModel.from_pretrained(model_id)
```

> (Sometimes you can directly load your model on your GPU devices using `accelerate` library, therefore you can optionally try out the following command:)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Tip>
Sometimes you can directly load your model on your GPU devices using `accelerate` library, therefore you can optionally try out the following command:
</Tip>
```

```python
>>> from transformers import AutoModel

>>> model_id = "roberta-base"
>>> model = AutoModel.from_pretrained(model_id, device_map="auto")
```

> ## Step 2: Set your model on your preferred device

Reviewer: What's the difference with device_map=auto? Couldn't we move the Accelerate part at the end of the tutorial since it is optional?

If you did not used `device_map="auto"` to load your model (or if your model does not support `device_map="auto"`), you can manually set your model to a GPU:
```python
>>> model = model.to(0) # or model.to("cuda:0")
```

> ## Step 3: Convert your model!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 3: Convert your model to BetterTransformer!
```

Now time to convert your model using `BetterTransformer` API! You can run the commands below:

```python
>>> from optimum.bettertransformer import BetterTransformer

>>> model = BetterTransformer.transform(model)
```

> By default, `.transform` will overwrite your model, which means that your previous native model cannot be used anymore. If you want to keep it for some reasons, just add the flag `keep_original_model=True`!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `BetterTransformer.transform` will overwrite your model, which means that your previous native model cannot be used anymore. If you want to keep it for some reasons, just add the flag `keep_original_model=True`!
```

```python
>>> from optimum.bettertransformer import BetterTransformer

>>> model_bt = BetterTransformer.transform(model, keep_original_model=True)
```
If your model does not support `BetterTransformer` API, this will displayed on an error trace. Note also that decoder-based models (OPT, BLOOM, etc.) are not supported yet but this is in the roadmap of PyTorch for the future.

> ## `pipeline` compatibility

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pipeline compatibility
```
to keep it consistent with Transformers doc

> `transformers` `pipeline` is also compatible with this integration and you can use `BetterTransformer` as an accelerator for your pipelines. Follow the snippet below for running a pipeline using the snippet below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Transformer's pipeline](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/pipelines) is also compatible with this integration and you can use `BetterTransformer` as an accelerator for your pipelines. The code snippet below shows how:
```

> `transformers` `pipeline` is also compatible with this integration and you can use `BetterTransformer` as an accelerator for your pipelines. Follow the snippet below for running a pipeline using the snippet below:

Reviewer: Unless I am mistaken, we should have no issue using the `pipeline` from transformers as well (i.e. `from transformers import pipeline`)? Could note it as well in the doc (basically the accelerator="bettertransformer" includes the `.transform()`, but if the user already did it that's not the way

Reviewer: Imo it should be noted, or at least that the `accelerator="bettertransformer"` wraps it all

```python
>>> from optimum.pipelines import pipeline

>>> pipe = pipeline("fill-mask", "distilbert-base-uncased", accelerator="bettertransformer")
>>> pipe("I am a student at [MASK] University.")
```

> If you want to run `pipeline` on a GPU device, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to run a pipeline on a GPU device, run:
```
